Include some instructions for using ansible. (#318)
noisebridge/infrastructure: README.md

### Reproducibility

Noisebridge infrastructure members should ensure that changes are made in a way
that is reproducibile for others.

* All changes to infrastructure should be checked into this repo.
* Changes should be made with Pull Requests so that they can be reviewed.
* Think about making sure your changes are reasonably future-proof.

> By documenting how systems are built in this repo, hopefully we can all be a
> bit less bothered if a disk falis, a computer walks off, or a future systems
> spelunker would like to know how a thing works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By documenting how systems are built in this repo, easily recover and reproduce services
if a disk falis, a computer walks off, or a future systems spelunker would like to know how
a thing works.
```

## Ansible

Much of the code here is the Noisebridge infrastucture [Ansible](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/) configuration.
Ansible is used to automatically deploy configuration to the various nodes (VMs and hardware in the space).

### Submodules

This repo includes git submodules to vendor external source.  You need to update them with this helper command.

    ./update-submodules.sh

### Ansible runtime environment

Ansible is primarily distributed as a python3 package. So that we can
consistently target the same ansible versions (which has knock-on effects, like
what jinja2 templating filters are available), we also distribute a

> requirements.txt file to describe the python environment requirements.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the Ansible install docs so we don't have to maintain this section?

Author: https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html seems like a massive document to throw at ansible-newbies. I was hoping to summarize the parts we care about here.

More generally though, I was thinking that this repo should be explicit about the version(s?) of Ansible it wants to target, so that authors know what docs to look at and what ought to be supported or not.

Reviewer: The problem is we should really not be maintaining our own install instructions. It's too OS dependent and recommending a single install method is a bad idea.

Linking to a specific anchor of the install doc is sufficient.

Author: I fully agree that I don't want to be maintaining complex user documentation here.
All I care about is that we have a common version target, so it's clear what the Tasks/Roles/Playbooks need to be compatible with.
My hope in adding these steps was to create the minimally required documentation to get a consistent result. Happy to field alternative suggestions.

If I just link to (https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/installation_guide/intro_installation.html#selecting-an-ansible-artifact-and-version-to-install), it'll lead to users having the latest version at the time they read the document, and potentially divergent installations and expectations about what should work with this repo.

Reviewer: We have an ansible meta-rule that checks the version compatibility. This is more robust since users can still ignore the `requirements.txt`.

https://github.com/noisebridge/infrastructure/blob/master/site.yml#L3-L13

Author: Hrm.... I guess so long as we make sure to include this in playbooks, it ought to accomplish the same goal. Thanks for the pointer.

I'll abandon this PR.
